update Readme to document Future, async and await (#10)
dwyl/learn-dart: README.md

a = 42;
```

## Asynchronous events

Dart provides the `Future` class to represent asynchronous events.

> For example the following `hello` function will return a `String`  in a near futur: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example the following `hello` function will return a `String`  in a near future: 
```

```dart
Future<String> hello() { // The type parameter of Future is a String, represented by <String>
    return Future.delayed(Duration(seconds: 2), () => "hello"); // Using the Future.delayed function to create a time gap of 2 seconds
}
```

> A function with a retun type of `Future<T>` (`T` here represent any types) can have two state returns `Uncomplete` and `Complete`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A function with a return type of `Future<T>` (where `T` represents any type) 
can have _three_ possible state returns: 
`Uncompleted`, `Completed ` (_with_) ***success*** and `Completed` (_with_) ***error***
```
See: https://medium.com/@saad.eloulladi/flutter-dart-what-are-futures-2f9eea158d70

When completed the function will return the type `T`, in our case the `hello` function returns a `String`.
If an error occurs then the function will return an `Error`.

To be able to use the returned value of an asynchronus function we can use the `async` and `await` keywords.
We need first to describe the function using an asynchronous function by adding the `async` keyword before the body of the function.
Then we using the asynchronous function we prefix the call to the function with `await`. This will stop the process of the function

> and wait for the futur result. For example we can create a `main` function which will use our `hello` function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and wait for the future result. For example we can create a `main` function which will use our `hello` function:
```

```dart
void main() async {
    String hi = await hello();
    print(hi); // print "hello" after 2 seconds
}

Future<String> hello() { // The type parameter of Future is a String, represented by <String>

>     return Future.delayed(Duration(seconds: 2), () => "hello"); // Using the Future.delayed function to create a time gap of 2 seconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    return Future.delayed(Duration(seconds: 2), () => "hello"); // Use Future.delayed to delay execution by 2 sec.
```

}
```

> To test this code you can copy/paste it and run it on dartpad: https://dartpad.dev/

Reviewer: 👍

If we do not add the `async/await` keywords, we can still call the asynchronous `hello` function,
however the result won't be ready and the `Future` instance will be returned instead of the String:

```dart
void main() {
    dynamic hi = hello();
    print(hi); // print "Instance of _Future<String>"
}

Future<String> hello() { // The type parameter of Future is a String, represented by <String>
    return Future.delayed(Duration(seconds: 2), () => "hello"); // Using the Future.delayed function to create a time gap of 2 seconds
}
```

> We can also use the `then` function which take a callback function to get the futur value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can also use the `then` function which takes a callback function to get the future value:
```

```dart
void main() {
    hello().then((futureValue) { // futureValue is the retuned value of the hello function
        print(futureValue); // print after 2 seconds "hello"
    });
}

Future<String> hello() { // The type parameter of Future is a String, represented by <String>
    return Future.delayed(Duration(seconds: 2), () => "hello"); // Using the Future.delayed function to create a time gap of 2 seconds
}
```

> Compare to `await`, `then` will not stop the process of the function and continue the execution:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compared to `await`, `then` will not stop the process of the function and continue the execution:
```
